all right darling so what did you who it
is your what is your being suckster I
don't even use a big stop for a minute
yes I have um actually it's just a story
like everybody else some edges were
coming out because um I want to say back
in October I had a detachable piece put
in which is one of our healthy hair
pieces that we do here unique creations
Hair Studio come check it out um and my
hair is very fine it's very fun but I
have a lot of it um fine and texture and
it wasn't necessarily that it was
braided too tight but my hair couldn't
stand the tension from the piece being
sewn onto my hair even though he had it
on for a week
um right here I mean if you want to zoom
in had a piece it was a skin skin
peaceful spot right here no more messes
I took the piece off because it was off
center it was a knock off central oil
side side part and so this whole part
came out um that's when we started we
came up with uh we started launching the
green stock and using it so I started
using it to see so I could have some
testimonial to tell our ladies who are
losing their edges um to Teutons Jutes
attention um tight braids alopecia just
thinning older women or thinning so i
began to just apply it twice a day um
just not just putting it there because
if you don't stimulate and get your
blood circulating it's not going to
penetrate through so you actually have
to put it on um just a DAB you know you
could put it on and just massage it
through you can do it while you're
watching TV and that's what I was doing
um twice a day I'll make a conscious
effort to do it in the morning and at
night after our finished washing my face
I'll put it I actually applied it to my
regiment for a nighttime and daytime
when I'm washing my faith in the morning
I would just get up and put it on and to
be honest with you I
even really paid any money I just you
know I do it because I wanted it to come
back because it was so it was so obvious
that I had a big dime sized piece of my
hair missing and it's not until recently
I looked and I said oh my god oh my
engines are back oh not only is it back
I'm pulling it out because this is
actually where it was gone okay Wow no
this is from October I don't really have
a ruler but I'm thinking that's about
just looking at my finger that's about
one two three four inches okay well I'm
not sober your edges Oh Oh my edges okay
and I know a lot of women who are
natural that's our struggle right edges
if you don't have edges you can't do
this right you can't pull it up you
can't push it off your face in the some
time and it gets hot bantu knots all the
different natural styles that would be
cute if you want to cornrow one side and
leave it wavy if you want to do the
front without your edges it's just a
no-go
this epic fan